feat: comparison docs (#661)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/evaluation/how_to_guides/compare_experiment_results.mdx

LangSmith supports a powerful comparison view that lets you hone in on key differences, regressions, and improvements between different experiments.

![](./static/compare.gif)

## Open the comparison view

> To open the comparison view, select two or more experiments from the "Experiments" tab from a given dataset page. Then, click on the "Compare" button at the bottom of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To open the experiment comparison view, click the **Dataset & Experiments** page, select the relevant Dataset,  select two or more experiments on the Experiments tab and click compare.
```

![](./static/compare_select.png)

> ## Toggle different views

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adjust the table display
```

> ## Update baseline experiment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Update baseline experiment and metric
```

> In order to track regressions, you need a baseline experiment against which to compare and a metric to measure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to track regressions, you need to:
1. Select a baseline experiment against which to compare and a metric to measure. By default, the newest experiment is selected as the baseline. 
2. Select feedback key (evaluation metric) you want to focus compare against. One will be assigned by default, but you can adjust as needed.
3. Configure whether a higher score is better for the selected feedback key. This preference will be stored.
```

> The first experiment in your comparison will be used as the baseline by default, but you can change it from the dropdown at the top of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You will also need to select which feedback key (evaluation metric) you want to focus on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Again, one will be assigned by default, but you can adjust as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You can configure whether a higher score is better for the selected feedback key. This preference will be stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

![Baseline](./static/select_baseline.png)

## Open a trace

> If tracing is enabled for the evaluation run, you can click on the trace icon in the hover state of any experiment cell to open the trace view for that run. This will open up a trace in the side panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the example you're evaluating is from an ingested [run](/observability/concepts#runs), you can hover over the output cell and click on the trace icon to open the trace view for that run. This will open up a trace in the side panel.
```
